hey guys welcome to my channel today is
a very useful video because I'm gonna
talk about top 7 mistakes that you make
with prepositions in English it doesn't
matter if you're a beginner intermediate
or advanced I'm gonna talk slower for
all the levels cuz last week
I made a mistake that I'm gonna talk
about in this video again they're very
common and in this video I'm gonna talk
about then go to marathon and then go to
marathon is amazing in a way that you
commit to learning English every day
with native speakers you take classes
and if you take all of them you get a
refund for everything up to 100% this
announcement is coming closer to the end
of the video alongside with my voucher
code for the marathon so watch and
listen carefully and I'm gonna start
with a first mistake very common mistake
so whenever the preposition is wrong I'm
gonna say it in a funny voice discuss
about something about is completely out
of place here because discuss something
ok I would like to discuss something
let's discuss your common mistakes no
preposition at all consider something
also no preposition consider moving to
the UK consider moving to Canada
consider studying abroad no preposition
consider
but in other phrases there are
prepositions for example talk about
[Music]
think about think about it think about
it so instead of saying we discussed my
common mistakes in English you can say
we've talked about my common mistakes in
English okay when you talked about it so
know where this about is coming from
when you're using it with discuss
because you're thinking of talk about
this stuff but again discuss no
preposition consider no preposition but
talk about think about preposition about
okay okay mistake number two oh this is
so common at the morning or just wrong
it's in the morning in the morning in
the morning in the afternoon in the
evening let's talk about this in the
morning let's see each other in the
evening one thing that you should
remember at night that night that's the
only time of the day when you use at
okay in the morning in the evening in
the afternoon but at night I like to
sleep at night but I like to do my yoga
in the morning the next mistake in
verses 2 we are talking about countries
I have never been in Russia Iran I have
never been to Russia
ok I have been to Italy I have been to
Rome I have been to Paris I have been to
the United you know sometimes when you
make this mistake the only way to
correct yourself is to think about like
50 sentences will you say it right so I
have been to Italy last month I have
been to the United States last week etc
okay it's to I'm heading to Sorrento for
my vacation but if you're somewhere now
okay I am in Italy I am in the United
States I enjoyed my vacation in Sorrento
then use in but again I've never been to
Russia okay I've never been to Chicago
the next married - divorced from and
sometimes I hear
but people say married we're divorced
where which is wrong I am married to
Dimitri she divorced from Andy okay they
are divorced well you could just say she
divorced Andy so there are two ways to
say this correctly divorce from indeed
divorce Andy when you're married you are
married to what married to whom the only
example I can think of when you can say
married with is you can say I am married
with a kid but let me explain the
meaning it's not that you're a married
to a kid right it means that you're
married to somebody and you have a kid
so you're a family of three I am married
with a kid means I am married to my
husband and we have a kid okay that's
the only way to say with with the word
married on time versus in time we use on
time when we talk about a specific
schedule when we talk about specific
time he was on time for the meeting
which means he wasn't late be on time
the bus came on time which means the bus
came according to schedule okay to be
somewhere in time to catch a bus which
means that you arrived a little earlier
so you were able to catch a bus I was
there in time to prepare for the meeting
that means that you came a little
earlier than the meeting so you had some
time to prepare yourself to prepare your
documents so again if you want to
highlight this something happened
according to the schedule you say on
time if you want to highlight that
something happen in advance
something happens before something you
say in time
okay in time in time now before we move
to the next common mistakes that you
make with English prepositions I want to
talk to you a little bit about lingo to
marathon so basically what it is you
take classes every day for three months
so 30 classes a month starting September
23rd till December 21st what happens if
you take all of the classes
you promised you get a hundred percent
refund so all the money that you paid
you're gonna get back you can also sign
up for a half marathon which means that
you take 15 classes every month and you
get 50% of your money back I know the
last time I've announced something like
this was in spring and I got a lot of
positive feedback from you guys that you
were looking for something where you can
commit to studying English every day and
this is actually the last time they're
doing this and the spa's have really
limited so if you want to take part make
sure you sign up using the link below
and again you're learning with native
speakers the groups are small everything
happens online so you don't have to go
to a classroom you just need to have
your internet connection and you can
learn from anywhere and you can turn
this marathon in different languages
it's an English German French Spanish
and if you're advancing this you can do
business English for example and it
doesn't matter what level you have right
now because they have different levels
they have beginner intermediate and
advanced let me talk a little about how
the payment works they're not taking too
many people so in order to secure your
spot you would need to pay 49 euro
deposit then they're gonna charge you
three times your in month one month 2
and 1/3 and this deposit is deducted
from the payment from your first month
but again if you take 30 classes every
month you're gonna get all your money
back including this deposit in the past
3 years alone goethe has done five
marathons like that with over 15,000
students so yeah this is your last
chance the link is below by the way they
gave me a special voucher and a link so
you can get ten years off your initial
deposit the link will be below again
breed terms and conditions just to make
sure you understand everything correctly
and make yourself acquainted with the
rules of the marathon but again if
you're struggling with your English if
you're struggling with being systematic
and this is what matters in things like
languages sign up commit again they
start September 23rd so you have not a
lot of time left the link is below and
let's continue to the next common
mistakes okay
your favorite talking about days a week
months seasons etc on Friday which is
correct in summer and summer in
September on July first on July 11 next
month this month next month any week in
a day these were all correct versions
sometimes what I hear is after a week
which is totally wrong okay if you want
to say that something happens in seven
days in a week it's in a week
not after not whatever you think about
it's always in a week okay
and sometimes I hear people say at Fri
and Friday I promise to the funnies out
and Friday ad July 1st no no no no no no
no on Friday on July 1st on September
23rd on December 21st on march 13th ok
on all the time on Saturday on Sunday
and Monday remember this so we are going
to Paris in a week he's meeting his
friends on Friday
my birthday is on the 13th of March or
you can just say my birthday is March
13th we're going to see the new movie on
Saturday and last but not the least the
mistake I made last week I was making a
story on my Instagram if you're not yet
subscribed by the way its lingua Marina
I posted English I teach you English
through real life which is the best
right because I just showed my life here
in San Francisco and I was making a
story about a Dima Demetri in my husband
you can call him both and we were at the
farmers market and he was constantly
being and I said in the phone which is
wrong totally being on the phone you're
on the phone so when you're talking on
your phone all the time you're on the
phone not in your phone and I know it's
tempting to say in your phone because
you're done but it's fun
ok that was it for me guys thank you so
much for watching this video up to the
very end I hope to see you on lingual
marina Instagram up to see on and go to
marathon the link is below
and thank you so much for subscribing to
this channel the red button is below I
will see you soon to help you learn more
English language